feat(stdlib): allow parsing multiple durations at once in `parse_duration` function (#1197)
vectordotdev/vrl: changelog.d/1197.feature.md

> Support multiple-units duration string for `parse_duration` function such as `1h2s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for multi-unit duration strings (e.g., `1h2s`, `2m3s`) in the `parse_duration` function.
```
